SEP-1850: Migrate SEP process from issues to pull requests (#1850)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: seps/README.md

## Status Workflow

```
Draft → In-Review → Accepted → Final
                 ↘ Rejected
                 ↘ Withdrawn
                 ↘ Superseded
```

- **Draft**: Initial proposal, seeking or assigned sponsor, informal review
- **In-Review**: Open for formal community and maintainer review
- **Accepted**: Approved by Core Maintainers, pending reference implementation
- **Final**: Reference implementation complete and merged into the specification
- **Rejected**: Not accepted after review
- **Withdrawn**: Author withdrew the proposal
- **Superseded**: Replaced by a newer SEP

### Status Transitions

Status transitions are managed by the **Sponsor** of the SEP. The Sponsor is responsible for:

1. Updating the `Status` field in the SEP markdown file
2. Applying matching labels to the pull request (e.g., `draft`, `in-review`, `accepted`)
3. Ensuring the status accurately reflects the current state of the proposal

> 4. Communicating status changes to the author and community via the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensuring that the `Status` field in the SEP markdown file is updated
2. Applying matching labels to the pull request (e.g., `draft`, `in-review`, `accepted`)
3. Communicating status changes to the author and community via the PR
```
